Sprint 4 Reflection

Created by: 
Greene, Ugonna Obiagwu, Alex Kim, Madoka Kamishima, Matthew Dannery, Xing Wu

Sprint 3 Catch Up:
Sprint 4 had the team split between catch up and add beginning work on new features. 
As of now, the Xml Parsing is functional, with it being able to create objects and send them to the GameObjectManager, 
which are retrieved and drawn in Game1. With level loading’s structure in place, all that needs to be done is add 
the rest of the parsers for the remaining game items and finish the final xml room sheet. Enemies have also received progress, 
with much of their implementation complete. The enemies still need to have their final movement patterns implemented.as well as other 
minor tweaks. Collision has also seen major improvements, although not fully finalized. 

Sprint 4 Accomplishments: 
With the level loading being the backbone of our code, it has been difficult to get much of the sprint 4 features tested, 
although progress has been made. Game states have been written and simply need tested, while smooth scrolling and the inventory system are still in development. 
Collision has been tested and works but an issue with our SpriteFactory is affecting the performance of the Collision System. With our code finally starting to snowball, 
these implementations should not take a super long time if the team works efficiently. More of these accomplishments in greater detail can be found in our ReadMe.

Challenges: 
Since the team has been behind since sprint 3, this sprint has been a challenge for team morale. 
When something feels as though it is almost working, new difficulties arise. 
Thankfully, the team has persevered through these moments of disillusionment and is finally seeing results. 

Moving Forward: 
The team first needs to get the rest of sprint 4 completed as soon as possible. Without that base,
adding sprint 5 details will be very difficult since most are built off of existing code. 
The plan for sprint 5 has been reviewed by Kirby and given the green light, giving the team a clear framework of what needs to be done. 
